Bring in volunteer number 85.
Come.
Thanks man!
Let's go, let's go.
Come.
Careful with my jacket, okay?
It's got my stuff in it.
Kinky.
You didn't write down
your next of kin.
Sorry, my what?
Am I still gonna get paid?
Volunteers receiving a
dose of synthesized sustrate...
You gonna put that needle
in me?
- ...V282.
- Wait, wait, stop!
Wait, wait, wait.
Wait!
At 14:31.
Is it supposed to be itchy?
It's really itchy, man.
Man, it burns!
What the fuck is this man?!
Ah, it's in my legs! Ah!
Clarence, get back in there!
Fuck!
It worked.
Take your dream holiday
of a lifetime
to Cape Town, South Africa.
Explore the Mother City
and the wonderful wildlife.
Mayhem in the city.
Homeless are fighting
against the government.
As always, people are fighting
for their rights.
Unemployment is at 90%.
Mayor Mostert
is killing us slowly!
He's taken everything from us!
Working with
the government shows
that you are in
a high percentage of the rich.
Middle class becomes smaller
and smaller each year with the--
Businesses are shutting down
due to corporate monopolies
leading to unemployment
and more homelessness.
In other news,
hundreds of drones
have been released
by Mayor Mostert
to service our streets
and keep them--
With Cape Town experiencing
frequent power cuts,
the need for rechargeable
powerhouse sources
that has led
to lithium shortages
and skyrocketing battery prices.
Now authorities continue
to search
for this elusive Rat King.
Well, we all know the Rat King
is the ringleader
in black market operations,
and the distribution
of anti-government propaganda.
Well, you heard--
The government
has been recruiting children
for training programmes.
The mayor was quoted today
that this will only make
our city stronger,
and a brighter future
for us all.
Nobody wants to fuck!
I don't know what to say!
Nobody out here
is getting laid.
If there's anybody out there
that wants to f--
The last known rhino
has being killed by poachers--
It's the eighth
consecutive year
of Mayor Mostert.
Will he be re-elected?
Come here! Come on!
Come here, motherfucker!
Come here!
Go around!
Come here, motherfucker!
I'll get you, you fuck!
Hey!
Get on the fucking radio!
If you see that piece of shit
you tell me where the fuck--
- Fuck!
- I'm coming for you!
Poes!
Wait up!
You fucking cunt,
come here!
Don't you go
up there!
Oh, my God, cramp!
Jesus Christ, my legs!
Oh, my God! Jesus!
Come here, you little fuck!
Jesus! Oh, my God!
Don't you turn that corner!
No!
Come back!
Oh, my God! My God!
Whoo!
Cunt!
Get the fuck outta the way!
Twelve hours erect! Dick dust!
Dick dust! Twelve hours erect!
- Twelve whole hours!
- Society!
Dick dust? 12 hours erect?
- For real?
- Would I lie to you?
- And that vial?
- The vial?
Not for you!
Motherfucker!
Hey!
Come here!
Come here, motherfucker!
Wait! You little fuck!
Fuck you!
Just stay down!
Oh, God, what the fuck...
...did you throw in my face?
Twelve hours erect!
Twelve!
What the fuck?
What are you looking at?
Fuck you. Move!
Chef!
The gate!
Chef, get the gate!
Get to the gate!
Hey, everyone!
This pervert cop's got a boner,
and he's trying to fuck me
in the arse!
Fucking motherfucker!
Ah!
What the fuck
are you looking at?
What the hell
were you two doing?
Were you kerfuffling?
Did you take it up the tuchus?
Look, I'm not judging.
It's just... He's a cop.
So, did you get the battery?
Of course, I've got it.
Hey, get that khazer thing
away from me!
- I don't know where it's been.
- Suit yourself.
Mazel tov, though.
It's been a while since
I've seen one of those things.
Yeah, it's been
pretty dry out there these days,
and guys like Boner Cop
don't make it exactly
any easier.
But luckily...
I have you to watch my back.
Oy vey!
Get that Schmeckle away!
Oh, shit! I forgot about that.
I really shouldn't let it go
to waste.
Or I could just use
the 12 o'clock trick.
The 12 o'clock trick?
Yeah, it's when
you shove your dick
behind your belt straight up
at 12 o'clock.
Put it in stealth mode.
Why are you telling me this?
...are mean people...
- Are nutcases!
- Easy, easy, easy...
Easy, guys!
No need to hurt me, okay?
Okay, lemme just see
what I've got in my bag, okay?
Fuck.
Ronald.
No. Keep your schnose out of it.
If she's not one of them,
she's one of us.
Woah, woah, woah, woah,
woah, woah! Clover!
My man!
- Let's be civil.
- For fuck's sake, Ronald!
You can't save
- every stray you find.
- Oh, I can't, can I?
Look at Chef!
He was a fucking loser
before I came along.
Did you know that
he was actually skinny
before he ended up
on the streets?
And just look at him now!
Man, I love that fat,
podgy face!
Oy va voy!
Think I'm gonna pass out!
Why is it always violence
with you guys?
Can't we just make
a deal? Huh?
Nobody gets hurt,
and everybody walks away happy.
Kind of.
It's gonna have to be
a pretty fucking good deal.
A fresh new battery
for your boss.
I know the Rat King
is fond of these.
- One week.
- One week? That's it?
Inflation's getting out
of control.
Hugs and kisses to the Rat King.
You didn't need to do that!
Oh, I'm sorry. My bad.
I didn't realize you enjoyed
getting the shit kicked out
of yourself.
What, you guys here
to shake me down too?
You think I've got it easy,
and you've got it tough?
I'm on my own out here, pal.
- You owe us a battery.
- No, she doesn't.
You're good.
It's okay.
It's okay!
Uh-uh, it's just another mouth
to feed,
another noch-schlepper.
There's no way
she's coming home with us.
No fucking way!
Thank you!
Huh? Nice, huh?
Yeah, it's, uh...
It's a cosy-looking spot.
Man, you should've seen
this place before we renovated.
The Chi was way off.
But now it's got a... a nice,
open flow.
Cool, man.
Sounds great.
Jesus!
What the...
- What the fuck is that thing?
- Stop! Stop!
What the fuck is on its face?
What's wrong with my face?
He's a friend.
He's part of the crew.
Oh, shit. Sorry, man. Uh...
it's, uh...
it's nice to meet you.
Jesus, Ronald,
this kin nearly gave me
a poes klap!
What's with all the, uh...
Oh, this?
Just the latest and greatest in
stealth camouflage technology.
Nobody sees you coming.
I've been here
for about three hours.
Nobody suspected a thing.
There hasn't been anyone here
for three hours.
- Yassis, Chef!
- Jesus!
Have you been eating
dead pigeons again, my bru?
- Ha!
- Haha, I told you,
couch camouflage
- is fucking bullshit.
- You are fucking delusional.
You got caught way before me.
The only reason I broke cover
is because Chef
is poisoning me
with his rancid insides.
Top up?
You read my mind.
I present to you, the twins!
The delightful Pap
and Wors!
It is quite moreish, isn't it?
The most incredible crackheads
that you'll ever meet.
And vegan friendly.
- Well, kind of.
- If two vegans have an argument,
is it considered beef?
Oh! And this is Offley.
Hi, Offley!
Tell me something,
has she met 2-Bit, yet?
Ah, 2-Bit
is the fucking best, hey!
No, Sockle!
Shut up now!
- But scary.
- Very scary.
Absolutely not!
Great guy overall!
Forget about it!
I won't leave my kids
with him, you know?
You stupid.
You think I'm stupid?
You're the idiot, man!
Beautiful eyes!
Is he okay?
Yeah, he's fine.
He's always just talking
to himself.
More like an imaginary friend.
Oh, Sockle's real, all right!
If I wasn't real,
could I do this?
Ronald, where's the battery?
I-- I dropped it.
He gave it away.
- Chef?
- You gave it away?
- I, um... I tr-- traded it.
- For what?
Woah, woah, woah, woah, woah.
I didn't ask
for any of this! Okay?
I didn't need rescuing.
It's every man
for himself out there,
and I can look after myself
just fine.
You've got a lot
to learn, Bubala.
You're not going to get far
thinking like that.
Not around here anyway.
What are we going to do
for dinner?
Can't cook without power.
And we've got no gas.
Everyone's having sleep
for dinner.
I'm fucking starving!
I can cook up a batch
- of my salty scrotum stew.
- Shut up! Enough!
Citywide curfew
is now in effect.
You are ordered
to remain in your homes,
and off the streets.
Failure to comply
will result in prosecution.
Well, I guess that's bedtime
for all of us too.
You too, Alex.
We need you fresh for tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
What's happening tomorrow?
There's a mattress
and some covers over there.
There's also a dildo,
but no batteries.
Okay.
Night, Offley!
Shit! I'm horny!
Aren't you horny?
So basically, what I'm saying
is that street people
are like onions.
- We can make you cry.
- No.
We have
a characteristically bad smell?
Yeah, that too,
but what I mean is...
...we have layers.
So the first layer
is direct contact with the skin.
The second layer is insulation,
which keeps you warm,
and the third layer
is the shell layer,
which protects you
from the rain, and the wind.
So, food. What is food?
Anything can be food.
A can of hummus stuffed
in a drainpipe.
Some frozen matzah balls
guarded by wild dogs.
But you've got to be clever.
Dairy and fats. Not great.
Give you a case of the shits
like you won't believe.
Now, if you're really desperate,
you can try eating fucking rats.
This place is great,
because it's crawling
with the fuckers.
Coming in and out all day,
shitting in the frozen goods,
pissing on the rice,
having little fucking rat orgies
in the quinoa.
You don't want this. Trust me.
Oh, man! Fuckin' khaza again!
Maybe next time.
The first rule of fighting
is to try and avoid it
at all costs.
Violence is the last refuge
of the incompetents.
Okay, so,
Chef is gonna come at me
in slow motion.
Watch carefully.
And...
knife to the neck.
Fuck, Chef!
- Just the punch, no knife.
- Oh, okay.
- Okay. Again.
- Okay.
Dragon claw to the eye.
You see what I did there?
The most important thing
is choosing the right moment.
- That's key.
- Tiger claw!
Okay, wait, wait, wait.
So, what if you
have no choice?
What if you have to fight?
Yeah, well...
...I guess you just have
to get your arse beaten then.
Well, we'll... we'll go again.
In slow motion. Okay?
Chef?
Chef, where you going?
♪ Remember when you bake
Your cake ♪
♪ To always let it rise ♪
♪ Da-da, da-da! ♪
♪ With added
Medical grade cocaine ♪
♪ To take away the pain! ♪
♪ Ha! ♪
Thank you very much.
Okay, okay, okay.
Think I've got it.
Okay, Alex, Chef, line up.
Alex, don't worry.
Chef will not hurt you.
- I promise.
- Fuck!
God!
- What'd you do that for?
- Pick your moment, right?
I'm bleeding!
That was...
...that was
actually really good.
Are you okay, baby?
How long have you
been standing there for?
Are you a fighter?
So, uh,
thank you to the press...
Another day, another speech.
And I know I can count on you
for your continued support
in the upcoming elections.
He's the reason they shut
my family's business down,
made the rule,
taking away the factories
from the working class,
and made it government only.
It sends hundreds of these,
uh, these beautiful drones
around the city to...
...suck up all the, uh,
the nasty little, um...
...uh...
particles. CO2 particles,
that is.
Uh... save the planet,
and all that.
Oh, they said to me, "Clive..."
"...you can't do that!"
And I said to them, "Watch me!"
And you should have seen them
- watch me.
- Move along!
Are you talking to us?
He wants us to move along.
We're moving!
Move along.
Vote now. Vote now.
So, using the site samples
gathered from
the New York incident in 1986,
we were able to synthesize
the Viper compound
and reproduce it artificially
on a massive scale.
And bind it
to an aerosol medium,
which really opens--
Who's this person talking
right now?
Actually, scratch that,
I don't care who you are.
Just show me
how my baby boy is doing.
Yes, sir. Um, right this way.
Cocksuckers
better let me out of here,
I'll rip your shriveled
little dicks off!
Oh, God.
What the fuck is that?
...between my teeth
like they're fucking grapes!
I could have sworn, I said
I wanted them exterminated.
Not threatening me
with a good time.
I'll rip open your jaws,
and I'll shit down
- your throats!
- Initiating...
I'll fucking piss in your eyes!
...demonstration
of aerosol Viper-283.
- Prepare to--
- You fucking cocksuckers...
Um, you gonna need these.
If this doesn't work...
I think you would be
a perfect test subject
for the rectal delivery system.
Don't you?
Smile!
Get me out of here!
It's your lucky day, old hag.
Let me fucking out of here!
Let's see what you got.
Fuckers! Fuckers!
Fuck you!
Yes! Yes! Yes!
Yes!
That's what I'm talking about.
That was incredible.
What the fuck?
I mean, think about it,
that's all I'm saying.
Weird elf guy,
flies into kids' rooms at night,
promising them they'll be
young forever.
He's a pedo, for sure.
You're full of shit.
Peter Pan is the hero,
and he defeats Hook.
But how do you think
Captain Hook got to Neverland
in the first place?
Pan kidnapped him,
and then he tosses him away
when he gets too old.
Guys!
The guy's one sick motherfucker!
- Right?
- Alex, what are you doing?
Just be cool.
Wait for me.
So, what happens
to the rest of the Lost Boys?
He kills them
when they get too old.
Kaput!
Oh, my God.
So, you're telling me that Hook
is actually the hero?
Of course, he is.
He's the only one
that ever stands up to Pan.
Pan's the ultimate villain,
he's basically a serial killer,
and he treats Wendy
like a shiksa.
And don't get me started
on Tinkerbell.
Guys!
Wait for us!
Chef, come on!
Okay, everybody,
come and get it.
Courtesy of Mayor Mostert
- and his goons.
- Nice!
Okay, ten points and go.
Fanny, Minky, Foofy, Vajayjay,
Bean, Manny, Ellen, uh,
flower, fandango,
penis fly trap,
um...
...axe wound, and,
uh, there's another one--
Noo-noo! And beef curtains.
Very good. Well done.
Thank you. Okay, uh,
20 points. It tastes like...
So, what happened was,
we're running after
this forklift.
Can you believe it?
A fucking forklift?
I don't want to play
this game anymore.
- Brilliant!
- Wait, wait, wait, wait!
What?
- What if it's poisoned?
- Oh, we stole it from them.
- Yes?
- Woah, woah, woah, woah!
You said you stole it
from City Hall, right?
I just said that!
What if it's a trap?
But then, if they knew
that we knew it was a trap,
and if we stole it from them,
then they would know
that we would know
that they knew it was poisoned.
So naturally,
the only logical thing to do
would be to drink it.
Good shit.
Hey Offley, you want some?
Okay, but you're missing out.
I was in the army with Chef,
and I spent
almost two years on the border.
Saw some
of the most horrific shit
that, like, fried my brain.
And after I was discharged,
the government
didn't give a fuck!
And that's how I landed up here
on the streets.
Kak, man.
I'll tell you this guy's story.
He's a real sicko!
He gets more ass
than a toilet seat.
On the weekends,
Ronald visits
a little weekly gathering
called, "Sex Addicts Anonymous."
Every single person that I see,
I really...
wanna fuck them.
And I wonder,
what they'll be like in bed.
I wanna run my tongue...
along their inner thighs.
Makes me rock hard.
I'm not gay,
but 50 bucks is 50 bucks.
One client
is usually not enough.
You got to at least get two.
Why two?
So, he has enough
to visit the meeting
across the street.
I lost my whole family.
I can't lie...
I've been dying to party.
Imagine the person
in front of you,
is your brother...
your father, your mother.
Ooh... I want that!
Uh-uh.
That's not for you, stranger.
You're not ready for that.
Didn't mean to steal money
from their purse.
Hey!
I never got your name.
I am Society.
Taking one step closer
to being healed.
Okay, so you go
to Sex Addicts Anonymous
for clients,
and you go
to Narcotics Anonymous to score?
That is so fucked up.
That's fucked up?
You think that's fucked up?
I'll tell you what's fucked up.
These two fucking weirdos
created the most nasty,
disgusting, unspeakable drug
I've ever heard of.
What the fuck, guys?
Cat shit?
In our defense,
that shit was dope.
Yeah, that shit was fire
to be honest.
Listen to
these chickenshit kids!
Back in my day,
I was boofing two ounces
a night.
Sunshine, you're next.
Sparkle, finger my ass.
Oh, yeah, this is great!
- Ronald.
- Hm?
Come,
I wanna show you something.
- Really?
- Yeah, come!
2-Bit, are you okay?
Do you wanna ask me something?
You're killing me here, 2-Bit.
If you're not going to fuck her,
then I will.
My dick is hard and ready to go.
Either that,
or I'm skull-fucking Wors
over there!
This is Moo-Moo,
and this is Kitty.
Oh...
nice.
Greetings.
On behalf of Mayor Mostert,
we would like to offer you
a non-perishable edible slab
to say thanks
for your continued existence.
Fuck off!
Do you know
who you're talking to?
But Alex...
...Alex.
When you first came to us,
I didn't like you.
But now...
now, I know you're a mensch.
You're the best thing
that ever happened to us.
And I love you.
And I hope you do not die.
Hey, who turned off the music?
Well, well, well...
- What's going on here?
- Fuck, it's the Rat King guys.
We've got a few freaks
getting freaky!
A week already.
Ronald. Time's up.
Rat King wants to see her.
Our schedule's pretty much arses
to ankles right now, guys.
So, just give me your details
and I'll--
We're not
fucking around, Ronald.
She's coming with us.
Who the fuck turned off
the music?
It was this fucker
right here.
Give him a kiss, 2-Bit.
Fuck!
Rat King won't stand
for this, Ronald!
We know where to hit you
where it hurts.
Are you going
for a midnight stroll?
Why are you awake?
I can't sleep.
I never can.
I think I might've been a bat
in a previous life.
Listen, I get it.
Don't pretend to know me,
because you don't.
You're all alone in this world.
You've lost every person
that you've ever cared about,
and you don't trust anyone
anymore,
'cause every time
that you've let your guard down,
let somebody in...
they've betrayed you.
Every single time.
Fuck you.
You don't fucking know me.
I lost both of my parents.
After they closed the factory,
we had no money.
My dad was killed trying to keep
the factory open
late at night
just to support us,
to put food in our mouths.
And after that, my mother died
of a broken heart.
She just gave up.
One morning, I went to go
and wake her up.
She was just dead.
I'm sorry that you had
to go through that.
And then my sister...
my baby sister.
She was ten years old
when the soldiers took her away.
The one day I went to go
and get food for us,
and by the time I got back,
she was being loaded
into the back of a truck
with the other kids.
And I ran after that truck
as fast as I could.
I tried my best to keep up,
but I just,
I couldn't.
I couldn't keep up.
Everything inside me
told me to keep going
when I couldn't anymore,
but I just kept on going.
I got left in the dust
like everyone else.
And it kills me.
It kills me not knowing
what happened to her...
...what she might've had
to go through.
I've been alone...
...for so long, Ronald.
It's all that I know.
You know...
it's not your fault.
It's gonna be okay.
I promise. I promise.
Okay?
It's going to be okay.
Help! Please, help him.
Please, help us.
Oh, my God!
Let me help you there, sir.
Get away from us,
you filthy, piece of shit hobos.
Can't you see we're businessmen?
But my brother, look at him.
He's so ill, man.
Please help us!
I don't give a fuck about
your dying brother.
Now, piss off,
before I call the police,
you peasants.
I was on the way
to the stock market,
and I saw you being accosted
by those disgusting vagrants.
Insider trading, huh?
We should talk.
I'll get Linda
to call your people
and we can set up a brunch.
You know, us industrialists,
we... we need to stick together.
Anyway, I've got to run.
My labradoodle is having
her braces removed today.
Cheerio!
- Get a fucking job, you bum.
- Fuck you!
There's no red light here!
It's definitely in there,
just lemme know
if it's red or green.
Hey, hey, hey!
What the fuck are you doing?
Woah, woah, woah,
don't sneak up
on people like that.
Stop her!
She's got my leather briefcase!
She stole it!
Yeah, world's first
vegan cryptocurrency!
SoyCoin!
Oopsie-daisy!
Oh, my nose!
My beautiful nose!
Remember us?
- Alex!
Alex!
Just look around.
Yeah, that's right.
We're giving away tasty,
nutritious food
to all the dregs of society.
I was walking down the street
and this little, uh...
- this dirty little vagrant...
- Where is everyone?
...child comes up to me
and says,
"Clive, you do so much
for this city,
but my daddy and mommy
don't feed me."
So, I said to him,
"Well, then your mommy and daddy
better come on down
to the food parcel handout
on 5th Avenue."
Old Geep
nearly got you there, hey!
Geep!
Come here, my little boy!
Come here!
I know what you want!
Oh, my special little
sauce boy!
Gentle, good boy.
Suck my little foot.
Mm, you like Mommy's foot, hey?
I'm fucking done.
Just fucking kill me,
there's no way in fuck
I'm doing that.
I think Geep likes you.
He wants his little friend
to stay.
Don't you, Geep?
Look, I get it! I fucked up!
Okay, I can--
I can get you what you need.
I can get you something
that you need.
Please, just--
I can't fucking be here anymore.
What's that, Geep?
Is she being naughty?
- Is she telling lies?
- I can prove it!
Look...
I can get you a battery
that lasts you for months,
maybe even years.
Yep.
I'll give you...
one day.
Morning!
Cunts.
You seen this man?
Liar.
You? Huh?
And you, huh?
Motherfucking poes!
Hello!
Seen this man?
Look closely, you fucking idiot.
Cool, open your mouth.
Open your mouth. There we go!
You need a meal. Fuck off!
Where are you?!
Here!
One for you!
Hey, guys, check out the haul!
- Chef, you don't think you can--
- Nope!
Hey, we didn't get any!
Oh, you didn't. I'm so sorry.
I think there's a couple
more back here.
Ah, here it is!
Oh, ple-- You're...
You're poes!
Fuck you!
Oh, they gave us
some sandwiches!
That's very generous!
I'll have some of these later.
Hey, what are you...
what are you doing?
No, that's mine!
Chef! Chef! Are you okay?
Ah, I'm keeping shtum.
I don't wanna talk about it.
Let's just go on.
Why you all got such
long faces, boys?
- What's up?
- Because we're hungry.
We're schmatters, we're broke.
And sober.
Ah, you got to stop sucking on
the dick of the man sometime.
Do it for yourselves, man. Fuck!
- Society.
- Hm?
Have you got any stock?
Funny thing that...
You know that
Society hasn't seen his supplier
for days. I think...
It's like he's gone missing,
he's just sort of...
disappeared, he's like...
vanished.
- So, you got nothing?
- Well, yeah, I mean,
keeping up appearances.
- You still got the vial.
- Yes, I have.
I mean, if I've told you once,
I've told you a thousand times,
you're not ready for it yet.
Be careful out there, boys.
These are...
strange days.
Help me!
announcer over PA]
Citywide curfew
is now in effect.
You are ordered to remain
in your homes.
Failure to comply
will result in prosecution.
So, there's this lonely guy,
keeps scaring the shit out
of his cat.
And he has this weird,
slutty fish
that just wants to get laid
all the time.
So, he makes this wish
upon a star
to turn a puppet
into a real boy.
So, now why does he want
a real boy, huh?
Oh, my fuck!
- Sex doll.
- Exactly.
This creepy clockmaker
wants a real boy.
Probably because he's tired
of the dick splinters
from Pinocchio's tight arse.
So, then this bitch blue
fairy shows up
and she turns him
into this kind of wooden zombie.
But she lays out all these rules
before he's really real.
He must be selfless, and brave,
and truthful
and all of this shit.
I mean, who the fuck
is this bitch anyway?
This is what I'm saying.
The kid is barely
ten seconds old,
and, uh, he can barely walk,
and she's going, "So long, bye,
can't help you anymore."
But before she goes
for some random reason,
she makes it so that whenever
he tells a lie, his nose grows.
And I bet Geppetto enjoyed
sitting on that nose, eh?
So, then the kids go off
to this pleasure island
and they get turned
into fucking donkeys,
which I'm pretty sure
is a metaphor for sex,
- child trafficking.
- Fuck, Chef.
You really are a deep thinker.
There she is!
Alex.
Are you okay? What happened?
Hey, where were you?
We couldn't find you!
Guys, it is great to see you all
but we're in deep shit.
I'm-- I'm in deep fucking shit.
What do you mean?
I got jumped by more
of those Rat King weirdos,
and they took me underground.
And then there was like
this weird little guy
that was chained up like a dog
and then... Jesus, fuck,
the Rat King. She's, like,
hooked up to all these machines,
and they are not fucking
around this time. Okay?
If I don't get them
what I promised,
I'm totally fucked.
We got you, Alex.
They fuck with one of us,
they fuck with all us.
I can't let you guys
put yourselves in danger for me.
Well, we got you, kid.
Okay.
Thanks, guys.
But what are we gonna do?
I think I've got a plan.
One of these.
- A flashlight?
- No, it's a suppository.
- That's a crack pipe.
- No, guys,
it's a drone.
Oh!
Okay, guys we've got
the alleyway over here,
the dumpster and the drain.
We move out, go down the street,
and make sure
the cops don't see us
and find a place
to set up a trap.
Chef and Wors you get behind
the dumpster and be ready.
Woah. Woah, woah. Hold on.
This isn't going to work.
I've got a medical condition.
I can't crouch.
Okay, then just stand.
No, that's not going
to work either.
Why not?
You're standing right now!
No.
I'm going to keep watch,
and then Pap and Ronald,
you guys are gonna crouch
behind the dumpster.
- And when you get ready--
- No, no, no.
Ronald needs to be
on the roof with me.
What? Why am I on the roof?
Yeah, I think I'm being
underutilized in this plan.
Okay,
we've got Chef and Wors
over here
and we've got Pap there.
No, no, no,
that's not gonna work.
Chef is going to be here.
Maybe we put Pap
with his brother.
Yeah, but then
maybe Ronald
should rather be over here.
Listen, why don't
I just sit on the couch
and I'll keep watch from here?
Huh?
No, I'm just saying!
...so emotional.
Guys, guys, guys, guys!
Guys! Please,
just shut the fuck up
and let me do what I need to do.
Pap, Wors,
you guys do your thing.
Chef, you're keeping watch.
2-Bit is the bait.
We wait until we hear
one of those drone things
then Chef gives a signal.
Now, you wait until
the drone gets close enough
not too early, not too late.
As soon as you've driven
the drone back far enough,
me and Ronald
will spring the trap.
- Fucking drone.
- Fuck you, drone.
What if something goes wrong?
Nothing can go wrong,
this plan is bulletproof.
Holy shit!
Hold on!
Just jump off!
Get off it!
Now, 2-Bit!
2-Bit, hit that thing.
Hit, hit, hit!
I can't, they're young people.
2-Bit, you okay?
Mazel tov! Mazel tov, guys!
I really love the teamwork.
It gave me such nachas!
Where the fuck were you, huh?
Oh, you know, I was schvitzing,
and you guys looked like
you had it all under control.
Besides, too many Chefs,
am I right?
Yeah, one Chef is
too many for me.
You were so good!
You remember when you were
hanging onto that thing?
Guys, shut the fuck up!
Jesus!
2-Bit,
you fucking saved us, man.
I would save that ass
for dessert.
I've got a big, fat, veiny one
with your name on it.
- 2-Bit! 2-Bit!
- Not now!
The mayor is Daddy.
Woah, woah,
it's saying something!
- Daddy! Daddy!
- Chef, be careful.
There might be some sort of
self-destruct mechanism
or something.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah...
- Daddy! Daddy! Daddy!
- Chef, be careful!
Viper-283--
Chef!
Are you okay?
Oh, fuck!
Oh, my God,
what's happening?
Chef! Chef!
Chef! Oh, my God!
Chef!
Don't die on me!
Don't die on me, Chef!
Stop it!
Just fucking stop it!
He's dead already, man!
Chef...
I'm so sorry, my friend.
It's my fault!
Viper...
Fuck!
I'd give all my eskimo pies
for one more moment with him.
I'd give all my samosas.
- I'd give all my DVDs.
- I'd give my one good Nike.
I would give him all our meth.
I would give him
all our soylent greens!
I'd give him
my two-minute noodles!
- I'd give him my blanket!
- I'd give him Ronald's blanket!
Hey, we get it, guys!
We all miss him.
Sorry about your friend.
We'll fix this.
That robot was tuning
Mayor Mostert's its Daddy?
Yeah, that was mos kak weird.
Like, "Daddy," in a kinky way.
Yeah, just before Chef got...
Must have been that gas--
I mean,
I don't know some sort of...
some sort of chemical weapon?
Fuck!
All those puddles everywhere,
all of that goo,
those were all people.
The fucking mayor!
We gonna die.
We all gonna fucking die.
The mayor is fucking
melting people.
They're exterminating everybody.
Argh! It's just Offley!
Are you okay, Offley?
Chef's dead.
Guys, Listen up!
Chef may be dead,
but we're all still here.
If we fall apart now,
we'll never take back
what is ours.
These are our streets,
our city!
Now is the time
to band together.
To show strength, to fight back
and take our revenge
on Mayor Mostert.
In honor of Chef's memory!
Will you ride with me?
2-Bit,
- that was really--
- Good.
Straight from the heart!
Those fuckers are gonna pay!
Martin Luther King,
"I have a dream," bro.
I am so fucking pumped.
The next fucking cop I see,
I'm gonna pull his
fucking head off!
Whoo!
Fuck, I love a good drive in!
All you pieces of shit,
get in the fucking van!
Oh, fuck.
It's Boner Cop!
Run!
Alex, get out of here!
Get the fucking drone!
Poes.
For your own safety,
you are reminded
to stand behind the yellow line.
For your own safety,
you are reminded
to stand behind the yellow line.
For your own safety,
you are reminded
to stand behind the yellow line.
For your own safety,
you are reminded
to stand behind the yellow line.
For your own safety,
you are reminded
to stand behind the yellow line.
Oh, Jesus!
Wait, no,
I just live up the road!
Mad man! You mad man!
Your cooperation
is greatly appreciated.
I hope Alex got away okay.
Where are they taking us?
I don't know.
Maybe it's just
temporary housing.
The smell of ass in here
is making me hungry!
Since there's a citywide
extermination going on,
I think that might be bullshit!
So, on the count of three,
when this fucking door opens,
we take them.
- We take them? What the fuck?
- We can't do that.
What happens if one of us
gets hurt again?
They're fucking killing us,
Ronald!
I'm-- I'm ready, my bro.
Are you ready?
Okay, 2-Bit, here we go!
Let's go, we're gonna do this.
Assholes and elbows, here we go.
2-Bit, you ready? The gang?
Everybody else,
are you ready to go?
St... stop.
There's another one! Go, go!
Keep moving forward.
Obey orders.
- Obey orders.
- Everybody just stick together.
We don't want to get lost
in the crowd.
Please!
- Please!
- Listen!
- I can't help--
I can't die here! Please!
Obey orders.
Keep moving forward.
Keep close.
Obey orders.
Keep moving forward.
Jesus.
Where is she?
Where's the Rat King?
Didn't make it.
We got a new boss now.
That thing is your boss?
I don't know. I'm here
because I need your help.
From your old pal, the Rat King.
Everyone's gone.
We're all that's left.
And the mayor is the one
that's responsible, okay?
I've seen what he does to us,
and it is totally fucked!
We have a place for you,
if you want it.
You're smart...
...and I know you can fight.
We could use you,
wherever we end up.
You want me to go with you?
I'd rather have you inside
the tent pissing out,
than outside
the tent pissing in.
Don't you get it?
There isn't gonna be
a you or a us,
if we don't do anything.
I'm not gonna let them take
the city and my friends.
They're all that really matters.
- I'm standing here.
- Excuse me.
- What the fuck?
- If we do
do this for you...
what's in it for us?
Move it!
Now!
Keep moving forward.
Obey orders.
Eyes down!
What the fuck you looking at?
Move along!
We've got to get you processed.
Keep moving!
Keep moving forward.
- Obey orders.
- All of you,
in here!
Hey! He's with us!
He's with us!
Wors! Guys! What's happening?
Hey, it'll be okay! Just chill.
We won't leave you behind.
Don't worry, Offley!
We'll get you out of there!
Hey, man. What is the plan?
How are we gonna get Pap out?
We'll wait for the patrols
to thin out
and then we'll get hold
of the keys.
Wait? We can't wait.
They killing people, man!
Why don't you use your fucking
army ninja skills
and get us out?
Everybody out!
Hey, what are you doing?!
Wors, help me! Help!
Where are you taking them?
- Wors!
- It'll be okay.
I love you, bro.
We'll open the main gate
and clear a path to the exit.
You go find your friends
and then we'll meet back up.
Whatever you do,
don't get spotted
because we won't
come back for you.
Whatever,
just make sure there's an exit.
- Okay?
- Alex...
Just remember our deal.
And don't fuck it up!
Are you ready
to spill some blood?
Move, move,
move, move!
Get in! Move, move, move!
- Wait, wait, wait!
- Move!
- Wait!
Get in!
- Let us out!
- Please, let us out!
You are in the presence
of a genius right now.
Elon Musk,
Martin Bingus, and now me!
Unfortunately,
no one's going to know who I am.
But I'm going
to change the world!
I have changed the world!
None of you guys
are gonna be there to see it.
But everything's
going to be better now.
- Everybody's going to be happy--
- Sir!
Sir, please! We need your help.
My friend's not well.
We need... we need a doctor.
What seems to be the problem?
You people just don't get it.
Sorry, I...
I... I can't hear you.
You're gonna need to
speak a little louder.
He's, uh...
he's deaf in one ear.
I said--
Hold him! Hold him!
Get the keys!
I've got it!
How's it, my brother?
Society?
You are finally ready, my China.
It's time!
Bada bing, bada boom!
I never thought I'd actually
ever say this, but...
maybe this isn't the best time
for me to get high.
That will make you see things
nobody's ever seen.
You will do things
nobody's ever done.
That's not any normal narcotic.
That will make you run faster,
jump higher.
You'll think faster
than the speed of light,
my brother.
Go save your friends.
This isn't gonna make me...
Fuck it!
Shit.
It's getting hot in here.
Can I have one of those?
No.
And the good guys always win.
So, ergo,
we must be the good guys.
Ah...
Gosh, did you
see that lady's head explode?
Yeah! Yeah, she was like,
"Please don't kill me!"
and I'm like, "Nah".
Anyway, how's your
sister doing? She all right?
She's good! She misses you.
Shit!
Security breach.
That's the last one.
Did you see Offley?
Where's Ronald?
Security breach.
Ronald, are you okay, my bru?
Jesus Christ!
Security breach.
Brothers!
Stop fucking around!
Get the guns!
Security breach.
I really wanna dance.
Don't you guys wanna dance?
- Another two down!
- Another two souls lost!
Ronald's definitely
not getting into heaven.
There's another four coming!
Security breach.
I really think
it's working, man.
But I'm feeling...
I'm feeling pretty good.
You know,
I don't feel scared at all.
I'm... I'm feeling invincible!
You know? I can do anything!
Whoo!
What the fuck is that?
I'll suck your dick,
whatever you want.
I'm not gonna die
without one last bang!
You can see him?
Of course,
I can fucking see him!
There's a horrible, fat little
blue ghoul sitting right there!
Has he been there
the entire time?
Sockle's always been here, baby!
Are you guys fucking mal?
What are you talking about?
Got you, fuckers!
What just happened?
We're never gonna
talk about that,
but let's head that way.
Who the fuck is that?
The rest of you go look
for another exit.
Yeah.
Just couldn't
wait your turn.
You impatient fuck.
I fucking dare you to shoot me.
- I fucking dare you!
- Ronald, shut the fuck up!
I'm invincible.
Bullets can't hurt me!
Just try it! I dare you!
- Shoot me!
- Okay.
- Nope, not a thing.
- You can't feel that?
No. Nothing.
What about now?
Mm-mm.
Come on, you have to feel that!
No. Not a thing.
You okes are fucked in the head.
Kill them!
- Oh, fuck!
- Alex!
Oh, fuck!
You're alive!
She's alive!
You came to save us!
You kinda left it
to the last minute
but I'm not complaining.
- Gotta pick your moment, right?
- Right.
Holy shit, that looks bad!
Are you okay?
Oh, this?
Almost forgot about that.
Are you high right now?
He's higher
than a giraffe's pussy.
- And that's high!
- Good one, Sockle.
It's a classic!
Guys, we really need to
find Pap. Now!
Yeah, I think
I know where he is.
- Let's go!
Hey, 2-Bit!
Hey, where's everybody going?
Offley, where have you been?
We need to get out of here! Now!
- Pap!
- Wors, slow down!
Pap, where are you?
Pap!
Hurry up!
2-Bit, come on!
There they are!
No, no, no, no, no...
It's Pap.
The fuck?
Jesus!
Wors...
I love you, brother.
I'm sorry, my friend.
He's gone.
Fuck!
I'm tripping out!
Um, Pap, how are you...
What?
Is it bad?
- It's, uh...
- It's not great.
I-- I'm pretty sure
you can just tuck it...
Don't do that,
don't do that, don't do that!
I got an idea!
2-Bit, hurry up!
We're leaving!
2-Bit you're my Wookiee!
I don't know
what I'm shooting at!
Move! Move!
Come on, let's go!
Where we going?
We're raiding the City Hall.
It's cool,
they're with us!
This way!
2-Bit, let's go!
We're going to the City Hall!
Wait, 2-Bit,
my balls are hurting.
I have reduced
the number of homeless people
in this city to basically zero.
Thank you. Thank you.
You'll never again
have to see another home--
Fuck!
Come on!
Keep moving!
...polluting the streets
of our beautiful city
ever again.
Go, I'll take it from here.
Are you sure?
Let's move!
And I promise that--
What the fuck is that?
Down with
the fucking government!
Now, just everybody calm down!
We don't want this party
turning into a massacre!
Massacre sounds good to me!
What the fuck is this?
Shoot the fuckers!
Kill them all!
Keep moving forward!
Put your mask on!
Go, go, go!
- The fucker's getting away!
- Let's move!
Let's kill that cunt!
Wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait, wait.
You let me go now,
I promise, no repercussions.
Water under the bridge.
Think about it.
What have you
actually achieved, huh?
Nothing!
Everybody still hates you!
You're still
the lowest of the low.
You pieces of shit!
You... you filthy fucking hobos!
You're goddamn street trash!
No, no, no...
It's over.
Alex...
no matter where you go,
there you are.
Oy vey!
Street trash...
Filthy trash...
I'm the fucking mayor.
You're gonna have to
suck my di--
People were shouting
and screaming and vomiting.
Like they've never seen
a meat sock before.
And that's why
they call me Sockle.
- Come on, let's go.
- Not this time, kid.
Sockle's gotta go now.
Gotta sow my wild oats
with all the other boys
and girls out there.
- So many holes, so many people.
- Why do you have to go?
I've taught you
everything I know, 2-Bit.
My work is done here.
But if you ever need me,
you know where to find me.
- You okay?
- Mm-hm.
This bullet's
really starting to hurt now.
I'm never taking drugs again.
♪ It's not paranoia if they're
Really coming for you ♪
♪ When you're living
On the street ♪
♪ All the people know you
By your name ♪
♪ All the strangers that
You meet ♪
♪ Ain't nobody looking
Out for fame ♪
♪ But then
The nightmares start ♪
♪ When the green mist comes
For you ♪
♪ You hide, you run
You fight ♪
♪ Because nobody gives a hoot ♪
♪ They call us street trash
But we know where it's at ♪
♪ We see all the wheeling
Going down ♪
Sir.
Where to next?
♪ Though the cops
Provide the heat ♪
♪ Old newspapers
Are your only fur ♪
♪ It's all fun and games
Until you lose an eye ♪
♪ Or an ear or a nose
Or half your toes ♪
♪ Toes ♪
♪ It's not paranoia ♪
♪ If they're really
Coming for ya ♪
♪ Get up, get down
Just don't stay in town ♪
♪ Sing it girls ♪
♪ Street trash ♪
♪ Night creeps ♪
♪ City streets ♪
♪ Jackels marching to the beat ♪
♪ Night and day
Through the town ♪
♪ Fight our way
Through ups and downs ♪
♪ Anywhere, we don't care ♪
♪ In or out is our fresh air ♪
♪ You don't see us
But we're there ♪
♪ Sometimes in our underwear ♪
♪ Keep you safe in your bed ♪
♪ When they're crawling
Through your head ♪
♪ Doesn't matter what you say ♪
♪ You think you're great
But we're okay ♪
♪ Living in a garbage stash ♪
♪ Every day is street trash ♪
♪ All right
This is the best part ♪
♪ Underneath
A pale blue moon light ♪
♪ All alone on the avenue ♪
♪ You came into my life ♪
♪ In the fury
Of a violent night ♪
♪ Through the green fog
Of destruction ♪
♪ You found my guiding light ♪
♪ You helped me through it all ♪
♪ In the fury
Of a violent night ♪
♪ But now tomorrow comes ♪
♪ And we've got to pick up
The pieces ♪
♪ Of the friends we lost
And the friends we gained ♪
♪ On the streets
Where our lives began ♪
♪ There's nothing left
To the old ♪
- Do it! Just put it in.
- I can't.
Come on,
it'll make you feel nice!
But I don't even know
what you are!
Doesn't matter. A hole's a goal.
We're just a couple of guys
helping each other out,
making a little fucky-fucky!
Okay. But you can't tell anyone.
Who am I gonna tell, huh?
Look, it's winking at ya.